Added Networking (#9542)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/user-guides/docker-compose/basic-example/index.md

--8<-- "content/user-guides/docker-compose/basic-example/docker-compose.yml"
```

??? Networking

>     Your Traefik container has to be attached to the same network as the containers to expose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Traefik container has to be attached to the same network as the containers to be exposed.
```

>     If no network are specified in the docker-compose file, Docker creates a default one that allows Traefik to reach the containers defined in the same file.

Reviewer: you have to choose between "no networks are" or "no network is".
